Spooky Dungeon’ is a single player game where the user has the choice between two players (implemented through the usage of sprites). There are three different levels to the game, each level introducing a slightly higher difficulty than the previous. 

The aim of each level is for the user to ‘fight’ against a wave of enemies in an attempt to make it to the final level containing the ‘boss’ enemy. In order for the user to attack an enemy, they can use their physical keyboard to attack them with a weapon. If an enemy manages to attack the player before the player attacks, the player will lose one life. Once the player loses all four lives, the game is over and the player must start again from the first level. However, if the player reaches the final boss round, they redeem all their livesl. In the final round, both the player and the boss will have a life bar. To defeat the boss and win the game, the player must attack the boss enough times to destroy all twelve lives of the boss.

Challenges the user might face is having enough time to attack the enemy at each level. Whenever the user makes it onto the next level, the speed at which each wave of enemies charge at the user increases. The user must have enough time to attack each enemy and not be attacked by two enemies at the same time. Another challenge the user might face is the ability to move around freely in the final round. The boss enemy must be large enough to distinguish it from all the regular enemies, but not too large that the player cannot move around the boss.
